Shen Lao
What Mr. Xu said will definitely not stay
The old man understands
Get out! What are you doing here today?
I don't know if you have the economy of Kunlun Zhuge
Kunlun Zhuge
That's the great thing about longevity.
Yes, if you have news of a dead person
It's ok.
Somebody burn this chair for me
God Kunlun Zhuge has news
Where?
There is a mysterious club in Lanzhou tonight
Auction of the organizers
I heard that the final finale is Kunlun Zhuge
Very good, this news was received from my hometown
Teacher Shen told me.
He set fire to it last night
Sure enough, no nightmares
He asked me to pass on the disconnected software
When my mother is cured
To smash yourself into
shopkeeper
Your seat ceremony will be held in two months.
By the Zhao family and the Guo family
Send an invitation to the seat ceremony